Next one up we're going to have a customer reviews and on you can see that we're going to be a little
bit lazy because I'm going to be using the same images for a team that I was using or here for a customer.
Right.
So we're going to be using the same for the customers ask for it.
So let's go to the Exchange now.
And as always we're going to have here a customer right the start.
And this is going to be a customer.
So we're writing or here that this is going to be customers right.
So customer list them to select the line.
Then copy this and we're going to say and of custom that after that once we have this right we would
want to first of all section with a hash tag over here.
Customers customers here.
Then we press tab then we're here would want to place a tie.
So again we just need to find the nearest one.
And out here this is going to be this guy who's going to grab this title swing down here and he's going
to say this is going to be.
I know.
Then after that what we would want.
We would want a customer center.
I mean it's all going to say or your customers.
And we're going to say Santer first time and once now we have the.
Now we need to actually create three customers.
So again we're going to start over here and this is going to be article article with a class of customer
press tab.
Now we have the article we're going to have image and again source code here and we're going to say
this is going to be Meijers.
We're going to say team we're going to go with team number one here then we're going to have a heading
three we're hearing this and we're going to say John Doe here that we're going to say that he is a web
developer and so having five a web developer here and then we're going to have one paragraph.
So I'm going to go my over here and have a paragraph to say Warum and I'd say 50 Warham 15 first time
and now we have all here.
So what we will want to do is obviously have three of them right.
So what does the article 1 do here.
What's changed over here and this is going to be Team 2.
And this is going to be Team 3 now that we're done with this we can actually save this and go to see
assess and starts dialing.